Spin Up Hub: Redirect app (#779)
fermyon/developer: content/api/hub/sample_redirect.md

title = "Short links and QR codes"
template = "render_hub_content_body"
date = "2023-08-14T00:00:00Z"
content-type = "text/html"
tags = ["rust", "html", "components"]

[extra]
author = "mikkelhegn"
type = "hub_document"
category = "Sample"
language = "Rust"
created_at = "2023-08-14T00:00:00Z"
last_updated = "2023-08-14T00:00:00Z"
spin_version = ">v1.0"
summary =  "A sample of using mulitple components to create an app"
url = "https://github.com/mikkelhegn/redirect"
keywords = "rust, static content, components, html"

---

> A nice litte app to create shortlinks, and generate QR codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A nice little app to create short links and generate QR codes.
```
